[MISP Feed] Update test-module (#26105)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMISP/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations

##### MISP Feed

> - Update test button functionality to use a different endpoint to test connection as the previously used one could cause timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the test button functionality to use a different endpoint to test the connection as the previously used endpoint could cause timeouts.
```
